JUDY WOODRUFF: Good evening. I'm
Judy Woodruff.
Gwen Ifill is away.
On the "NewsHour" tonight:
Gunfire and explosions
hit the Indonesian capital of
Jakarta, leaving
at least two civilians and five
attackers
dead. The Islamic State claims
responsibility.
Then: a family's journey from
Syria to Canada,
the story beyond the image that
went viral,
sparked outrage and tore apart a
family.
FATIMA KURDI, Aunt of Alan
Kurdi: All of a
sudden, whatever you have in
your life, for
your own family, in one day, you
have to leave
everything behind and flee.
JUDY WOODRUFF: And it's Oscar
time. We review
this year's nominations, looking
at what's
in and what's out.
All that and more on tonight's
"PBS NewsHour."
(BREAK)
JUDY WOODRUFF: Wall Street
mounted a comeback
today, one day after its worst
losses since
September. A rebound in crude
oil prices sent
energy shares higher, and the
broader market
followed suit. The Dow Jones
industrial average
gained 227 points to close near
16380. The
Nasdaq rose almost 89 points.
And the S&P
500 added 31.
The investment bank Goldman
Sachs agreed today
to settle long-running federal
and state investigations
for $5.1 billion. It stems from
the company's
mortgage practices leading up to
the market
meltdown in 2008. About $1.8
billion of the
total will go toward consumer
relief. Most
other big banks have already
reached similar
settlements.
Ten more detainees have been
released from
the U.S. military prison at
Guantanamo Bay,
Cuba. The prisoners were all
from Yemen. They
were transferred Tuesday night
to Oman, reducing
the population at Guantanamo to
93 inmates.
In Miami today, Defense
Secretary Ash Carter
said some of the rest might end
up on the
U.S. mainland.
ASHTON CARTER, U.S. Defense
Secretary: Not
everyone in Gitmo can be safely
transferred
to another country. So, we need
an alternative.
I, therefore, framed for the
president a proposal
to establish an alternative
location. That
plan will propose bringing those
detainees
to an appropriate secure
location in the United
States.
JUDY WOODRUFF: Up until now,
Congress has
blocked any such move, and even
passed a law
to that effect.
Secretary Carter also said today
it does appear
that U.S. Navy sailors made a
navigational
mistake, causing their boats to
stray into
Iranian waters this week. The 10
sailors on
board the two boats were
detained Tuesday
in the Persian Gulf by Iran's
Revolutionary
Guard. They were let go
yesterday after a
flurry of diplomatic contacts.
Iran, meanwhile, announced a key
step today
toward complying with its
nuclear deal with
world powers. State TV reported
that technicians
finished removing the core of
the Arak nuclear
reactor. The agreement calls for
ensuring
that the site can produce only
tiny amounts
of plutonium, potential fuel for
a nuclear
weapon. The work must be
verified by outside
experts.
Turkey is claiming that its
military killed
nearly 200 Islamic State
fighters Iraq and
Syria just in the last 48 hours.
The prime
minister said that tanks and
artillery blasted
targets after Tuesday's suicide
bombing in
Istanbul. Meanwhile, people
continued to gather
at the site of the bombing that
killed 10
tourists. Authorities said they
have detained
seven people in the
investigation.
The Ebola epidemic in West
Africa is officially
over, that word today from the
World Health
Organization. The outbreak
killed 11,315 people,
mostly in Guinea, Sierra Leone,
Liberia, over
nearly two years.
In Geneva, the head of the WHO's
Ebola response
effort hailed the news, but also
sounded a
note of caution.
RICK BRENNAN, World Health
Organization: This
is a very important milestone
and a very important
step forward. We have to say
that the job
is still not done. That's
because there is
still ongoing risk of
reemergence of the disease
because of the persistence of
the virus in
a proportion of survivors.
JUDY WOODRUFF: The epidemic is
believed to
have begun in rural Guinea in
December of
2013.
For the second time this week,
relief has
reached starving civilians in
Syria, caught
up in that country's civil war.
The World
Food Program and the Red Cross
and Red Crescent
delivered more food, medicine
and other supplies
to the town of Madaya today. The
area has
been cut off by government
troops for months.
Two villages surrounded by rebel
forces in
the north also received aid.
Back in this country, the
Republican presidential
candidates are squaring off this
evening in
their latest debate and their
first of the
new year. The event in North
Charleston, South
Carolina, features the top seven
contenders
according to national polls, and
the stakes
are high, with the Iowa caucuses
just two-and-a-half
weeks away.
And the great Powerball craze is
over, at
least for now. There were three
winning tickets
last night for the jackpot that
ballooned
to a record $1.6 billion. One
was sold at
a 7-Eleven in Chino Hills,
California, outside
Los Angeles, and hundreds
crowded there, cheering.
The other winning tickets were
sold in Tennessee
and Florida.
Still to come on the "NewsHour":
ISIS claims
today's attack in Indonesia;
hope and loss
in a family's journey from Syria
to Canada;
is President Obama's pledge to
cure cancer
realistic?; and much more.
Now to today's attacks in
Jakarta, Indonesia,
claimed by the Islamic State
group in the
world's most populous
Muslim-majority nation.
Chief foreign affairs
correspondent Margaret
Warner begins our coverage.
And a warning: Some of the
images may be disturbing.
MARGARET WARNER: It is a moment
of cold-blooded
calculation, as gunfire cracks,
two suicide
bombers crouch, make ready, and
then -- in
all, five attackers and two
civilians died
when multiple gunmen and suicide
bombers struck
the center of Jakarta this
morning.
REZA, Witness (through
translator): At first,
I thought it was the explosion
of car tire,
but then I realized that it was
bomb explosion.
Then I saw the motorcyclers, all
wearing black
clothes. And they pulled out
long guns.
MARGARET WARNER: The attackers
hit a police
booth at a busy intersection
with guns and
grenades. Another target was a
nearby Starbucks.
Police say one bomber blew
himself up inside,
and waiting gunmen tried to
shoot the survivors
as they fled.
After hours of gunfire,
investigators found
more undetonated bombs in a
neighboring building.
They took four militants into
custody. The
Islamic State group quickly
claimed responsibility.
Its statement read: "A group of
soldiers of
the caliphate in Indonesia
targeted a gathering
from the crusader alliance that
fights the
Islamic State in Jakarta."
Jakarta's police chief offered a
slightly
different account. He pointed to
an extremist
group based in Southeast Asia
with ties to
ISIS.
TITO KARNAVIAN, Jakarta Police
Chief (through
translator): There's a militant
named Bahrun
Naim who wants to be the leader
of the region.
All leaders of ISIS in Southeast
Asia are
competing to be the chief.
That's why he plotted
this attack.
MARGARET WARNER: Naim is
believed to be in
the Islamic State's de facto
capital, Raqqa,
Syria, according to police. But
they warned
today that his group has also
expanded its
efforts across Indonesia,
Malaysia, the Philippines
and Thailand.
Just last month, police arrested
more than
a dozen people on the Indonesian
island of
Java on charges of planning
attacks on Christmas
and New Year's Eve. They said
some received
funding from Naim. Still, there
were questions
today about the level of
sophistication in
the Jakarta attacks.
JOE COCHRANE, The International
New York Times:
According to terrorism analysts
who I spoke
to today, they didn't think much
of the actual
tactics of this group or the
attackers who
were involved today, based on
the fact they
didn't really kill anybody.
MARGARET WARNER: Joe Cochrane is
the Indonesia
correspondent for The
International New York
Times, based in Jakarta. He
spoke via Skype.
JOE COCHRANE: A number of these
people's colleagues
had been arrested over the last
three or four
weeks in various parts of
Indonesia, so the
feeling was these guys were
about to be picked
up, and they were just trying
some sort of
last gasp effort at glory or
revenge against
the police.
MARGARET WARNER: The largest
Muslim country
in the world, Indonesia has long
been a target
of violent Islamist extremism.
The most notorious
incident came in 2002, when the
al-Qaida-linked
Jemaah Islamiyah attacked
nightclubs on the
island of Bali, killing 202
people.
And in 2009, the same group
struck two hotels
in Jakarta, leaving eight dead.
Since then,
the government has led a massive
effort to
dismantle Jemaah Islamiyah, but
there are
concerns of a resurgence.
Meanwhile, Jakarta and its 10
million people
are now on high alert, as the
investigation
begins.
For the "PBS NewsHour," I'm
Margaret Warner.
JUDY WOODRUFF: And for more on
how ISIS inspires
and influences militant Islamist
groups around
the world, I'm joined by Joby
Warrick. He
is a national security reporter
at The Washington
Post and he's author of the book
"Black Flags:
The Rise of ISIS."
Joby Warrick, welcome back to
the program.
JOBY WARRICK, The Washington
Post: Thank you.
JUDY WOODRUFF: Help us first,
though, understand
who is this group that is
claiming responsibility?
It sounds like there are
different groups
operating around that part of
Asia.
JOBY WARRICK: Yes, but there are
a number
of these Southeast Asians in
ISIS proper and
working out of Syria.
There's a battalion there that's
called Katiba.
And they have actually been
successful in
attacking Kurdish targets. They
have gone
on the Internet claiming credit,
claiming
that they're strong and trying
to drive other
recruits to them.
And so you see this. Once again,
this is almost
like the model we have seen in
other places,
Belgians and French and Germans
and others
kind of calling out in a
nationalistic way
the people to come from the
region and help
and join the ISIS cause.
JUDY WOODRUFF: So, is there a
firm connection
between Jakarta and what's going
on in Syria
and Iraq?
JOBY WARRICK: I think there is,
in the sense
that there is this common effort
by ISIS to
try to create these cells all
over the world.
We have sign it in all kinds of
places, and
certainly North Africa, Yemen,
Pakistan, Afghanistan.
But they really, really want to
start a cell
in Southeast Asia. They have
been looking
for over a year at trying to
start something
in Indonesia particularly. And
there are groups
who are there. There are groups
who are allied
with them, or at least
ideologically allied
with them, who like to
participate. And some
of them claim credit and do
things on their
own to try to get the ball
rolling.
JUDY WOODRUFF: And how do we
distinguish between
groups that are truly allied and
taking orders
from ISIS central, wherever that
is, and groups
that are just wanting to do --
wanting to
carry out attacks because they
admire what
ISIS stands for?
JOBY WARRICK: Sometimes, it's
very hard to
tell.
I think, in this case, there's
been enough
messaging from ISIS'
headquarters in Raqqa,
saying, we want to do this. We
want to start
something in that part of the
world. And it's
easy to see at least the
outlines of a plan,
some kind of reaching out to a
region and
trying to get people to do
something locally,
just to establish a presence,
just to show
that they're there.
And so this might be what we're
looking at
in this case.
JUDY WOODRUFF: So, just how
well-organized
are they in Southeast Asia? What
does it look
like?
JOBY WARRICK: This is new,
because ISIS hasn't
really done anything there
before. But they
do have at least 600 Southeast
Asians in Syria
that we know of. Lots of people
have come
to that region to train. Lots of
them have
come back to the region to start
things.
There are lots of other
alliances they could
make with local groups, ones
that have done
the attacks in the 2000s, some
really horrific
ones, as we have seen. So, this
is potentially
the start of something new and
dangerous.
JUDY WOODRUFF: So, they go to
Syria and train,
and most of them don't stay.
They stay long
enough to learn whatever tactics
they need,
and then they're going back? I
mean, has that
been documented?
JOBY WARRICK: It has been
documented.
It's kind of one leverage point
that local
governments have, that they can
try to stop
these people as they come back.
It's not always
possible. These borders are
sometimes more
porous than we like to think.
And, sometimes,
international travel can be
porous with fake
passports and visas and that
sort of thing.
But this is really something
that people in
the region are very concerned
about, and they're
starting to see evidence that it
is happening.
JUDY WOODRUFF: We have pointed
out that Indonesia
has the largest Muslim
population in the world
in any single country. Should we
be surprised
that there haven't been more
ISIS recruits
from there?
JOBY WARRICK: Yes, you would
think so. There
are 210 million Muslim Muslims
in Indonesia.
Only about 500, experts say,
have gone to
Syria to join the fight. That's
perhaps partly
a reflection of the fact that
it's far, it's
distant.
But it's also the fact that the
brand of Islam
in Indonesia tends to be more
moderate, so
you don't see as many radicals,
but there
are some, and the ones that are
there are
willing to do very brutal
things.
JUDY WOODRUFF: And you were
telling us that
ISIS has had a pretty
sophisticated effort
to recruit, that they're using
social media
and so forth, which we're seeing
them use
around the world.
JOBY WARRICK: Yes, but the
wrinkle on it is,
they use local people to appeal
to people
in their homelands, using local
tongue, using
Malay, using sort of the common
language,
and also appealing to sort of
national pride
or -- and to Islamic pride.
Come, represent
the cause in Syria or fight for
us in other
parts of the world.
So this is really the ISIS model
these days.
JUDY WOODRUFF: And authorities
are on top
of this? I mean, if the media is
aware of
it, we have to assume
authorities are?
JOBY WARRICK: Absolutely worried
about it.
They're tracking it very
closely.
It looks like the Indonesian
police or the
government there has been very
aggressive
in trying to find these people
and root them
out. It's not always possible to
get all of
them, because they're pretty
good at keeping
a low profile.
JUDY WOODRUFF: Joby Warrick of
The Washington
Post, we thank you.
JOBY WARRICK: Enjoyed it. Thank
you.
JUDY WOODRUFF: You have seen the
heartbreaking
picture of Alan Kurdi. He's the
Syrian refugee
boy who drowned off the coast of
Turkey this
summer, but what became of the
rest of his
family? Their story runs as wide
and far as
the millions of Syrians who have
now fled
the war.
William Brangham reports.
WILLIAM BRANGHAM: It was one
image that devastated
onlookers across the world, a 3
year-old Syrian
refugee, drowned and lifeless,
lying face
down on the beach.
Alan Kurdi was just one of
hundreds of thousands
of refugees who fled the Middle
East last
year, and one of many children
who've drowned
on the perilous sea voyage, but
his death
seemed to cut deeper. From front
pages the
world over, the picture hammered
a global
conscience. International
actions were staged
in response. And artists around
the world
responded with their own
touching imagery.
ANNE BARNARD, Beirut Bureau
Chief, The New
York Times: I remember seeing it
and thinking
that this is a really
heartbreaking one. It's
hard to say exactly why that one
is the one
that went so viral. But it did.
WILLIAM BRANGHAM: New York Times
Beirut bureau
chief Anne Barnard set out to
tell the deeper
story behind this image. What
she found was
an ocean of stories of a boy and
his extended
family, stories that spanned
multiple continents,
and told of horrible violence
and struggles.
ANNE BARNARD: The Kurdis, like
many, many
Syrians, had essentially, as a
family, accepted
the deal that existed under
Syria's police
state. You have a relatively
decent modest
living in exchange for staying
out of politics.
And like many other millions,
that's what
they were doing. They raised six
children
in Damascus. They -- barbering
was the family
business. And they were just
living their
life there, when the war and
conflict began.
WILLIAM BRANGHAM: After protests
against President
Bashar al-Assad led to civil war
within the
country, the Kurdis found
themselves caught
in harm's way.
ANNE BARNARD: Their neighborhood
was so close
to the government artillery
bases, that the
outgoing blasts put cracks in
some of the
walls of the family houses. At
the same time,
police were increasingly
stopping people on
the streets. One child in the
family witnessed
the death of the schoolmate who
was killed
by security forces while at a
protest outside
of school.
There was a suicide bomb that
went off near
the same kid randomly, a very
frightening
experience. And there were
people that they
knew who were arrested just for
no reason
and disappeared. So, conflict
was getting
closer.
WILLIAM BRANGHAM: Aware of the
dangers they
faced, Alan's family members
were determined
to find a new home and a new
life, even if
it meant leaving Syria. One of
Alan's aunts
tried three times to cross the
sea from Turkey.
ANNE BARNARD: Each attempt was
scarier than
the last, and they all failed.
And the last
one ended with them getting
scooped up out
of the water by the Turkish
coast guard. And
Hivrun said: "I'm not doing it
again. I'm
not risking my kids."
And she had a big fight with her
husband,
because he insisted on going on
to Germany,
and she stayed in Istanbul with
the kids,
who were angry and wanted to
actually keep
trying. Well, a week later or
so, Abdullah's
family died, and they said, OK,
we did the
right thing. Thank God we didn't
go.
They felt really horrible for
Abdullah. But
guess what? Within a few weeks,
they tried
again.
FATIMA KURDI, Aunt of Alan
Kurdi: You own
your house. You live your life,
happy, peaceful.
WILLIAM BRANGHAM: Alan's aunt
Fatima, Tima
for short, has lived in Canada
for more than
20 years, where she continued
the family business,
opening a hair salon near
Vancouver. She maintained
contact with her brother, Alan's
father, as
they undertook their fateful
voyage.
She said that, like most Syrian
families,
the Kurdis were aware of the
grave dangers
of the journey, but they
ultimately decided
they had no choice.
FATIMA KURDI: All of a sudden,
whatever you
have in your life, for your own
family, in
one day, you have to leave
everything behind
and flee. There is nobody who
would like to
do this just by choice.
ANNE BARNARD: The thing is, a
million people
have gone to Europe, 800,000 of
them this
year on boats. And in a strange
way, it can
be a rational choice when you
consider what
people are running from.
MOHAMMAD KURDI, Uncle of Alan
Kurdi (through
translator): Can you imagine, as
a father,
seeing your child die before
your eyes?
WILLIAM BRANGHAM: Mohammad Kurdi
is an uncle
of Alan's, and he saw his share
of horrors
in Syria. After fleeing Damascus
for the northern
city of Kobani, he and his son
were trapped
and threatened by ISIS fighters.
Mohammad
was beaten. His son Shergo, 15
years old,
was given a gun and instructed
to shoot his
father. Luckily, they both
escaped, but Mohammad
decided it was time for his
family to leave
Syria.
MOHAMMAD KURDI (through
translator): Imagine
the buildings being blown up,
the corpses
of children and women. They are
all innocent.
WILLIAM BRANGHAM: Abdullah
Kurdi, Mohammad's
brother and the father of
3-year-old Alan,
lost his entire family at sea.
He became a
symbol of the plight of refugees
across the
Middle East. He returned to his
homeland,
Kobani, where he laid his wife
and children
to rest.
ABDULLAH KURDI, Father of Alan
Kurdi (through
translator): My entire family
passed away.
They are martyrs now, but I hope
they can
help those who are still in
need. Enough with
this war. I don't know what more
to say. I
am so tired. Just leave me
alone, for the
Koran's sake.
WILLIAM BRANGHAM: Today, he
lives alone in
Iraqi Kurdistan, his extended
family now spread
throughout the world. But,
fortunately,
the Kurdis' story doesn't end
there. Alan's
uncle Mohammad finally arrived
in Canada with
his wife and five children as
some of the
10,000 refugees welcomed by the
Canadian government
last year. It was a bittersweet
arrival.
WOMAN (through translator): I am
very happy
and excited, but, at the same
time, I'm very
sad about my cousins.
WILLIAM BRANGHAM: During their
trip, the family
had been separated from their
father, Mohammad.
They met in Germany in December,
just before
flying west. It was the first
time he met
his 5-month-old son, Sherwan.
MOHAMMAD KURDI (through
translator): There
were days I thought I would
never see my family
again, but thank God the
nightmare is over.
FATIMA KURDI: It was a beautiful
moment that
those kids, they are going to
begin a new
life and going to school,
rebuild their life.
WILLIAM BRANGHAM: Now Mohammad
and his family
are staying with his sister
Tima. He is working
in her hair salon, the family
business, and
his children are quickly
learning English.
CHILD: Sunday, Monday, Tuesday,
Wednesday,
Thursday, Friday, Saturday.
MOHAMMAD KURDI (through
translator): Thank
God that I have arrived here
with my family,
after this long journey and
great tragedy.
My children and I are just
starting to feel
safe. There is a life here for
us.
WILLIAM BRANGHAM: For Anne
Barnard, who spent
months reporting on the Kurdi
family, this
family saga is a reminder that
the Syrian
civil war is about more than
just Assad, the
Islamic State, and American
interests in the
region. It's about millions of
real families
left with nowhere to turn who
are looking
for a better future.
ANNE BARNARD: This story reminds
us that each
one of these stories is an
individual tale
and each -- even this one
family. That incredibly
tragic picture of Alan on the
beach was only
a tiny piece of what they had
been through.
What happened to Alan was just a
fraction
of what happened to them. And
what happened
to them is just one story out of
many millions
of stories. Half of the Syrian
population
has been displaced in this
conflict. So I
think we just have to remember
that each one
of these stories is a real
person with a real
family, with family dynamics
like those we
have in our own families.
WILLIAM BRANGHAM: And for Tima
Kurdi, the
story is far from over.
FATIMA KURDI: Of course, the sad
part, you
always think about the rest of
the family,
about a million of those
refugees. They are
still -- have a little bit of
hope one day
they will be somewhere safe.
WILLIAM BRANGHAM: After her
nephew's tragic
death, Tima has become an
outspoken activist
and advocate for the plight of
refugees around
the world.
FATIMA KURDI: People have to
open their heart
and their door and help them.
And that's why
I said, if I have a chance to
bring my voice
to the world, I'm willing to do
it. It's not
something I choose. I just -- it
happened.
And it's not an easy thing to
do, really.
WILLIAM BRANGHAM: A dire
challenge now faced
by the U.S., European and Middle
Eastern nations
alike.
For the "PBS NewsHour," I'm
William Brangham.
JUDY WOODRUFF: Stay with us.
Coming up on the "NewsHour":
examining why
the Oscar nominees still lack
diversity; the
tough job market for women over
50; and what
it takes to make a great
photograph.
But, first, what the White House
is calling
the moon shot to cure cancer.
One unexpected
announcement in President
Obama's State of
the Union address came when he
tapped Vice
President Joe Biden to lead an
effort to boost
and streamline cancer research
across the
country.
BARACK OBAMA, President of the
United States:
Tonight, I'm announcing a new
national effort
to get it done. And because he's
gone to the
mat for all of us on so many
issues over the
past 40 years, I'm putting Joe
in charge of
mission control.
(CHEERING AND APPLAUSE)
BARACK OBAMA: For the loved ones
we've all
lost, for the families that we
can still save,
let's make America the country
that cures
cancer once and for all.
What do you say, Joe?
(CHEERING AND APPLAUSE)
JUDY WOODRUFF: For a look at
what an initiative
might look like, and who would
be involved,
and how it might go forward, we
turn to three
people with long ties to cancer
research.
Dr. Otis Brawley is chief
medical officer
at the American Cancer Society.
Dr. Francis
Collins is the director of the
National Institutes
of Health. And Katie Couric, in
addition to
being the well-known journalist
and author,
she is also one of the
co-founders of Stand
Up to Cancer. It's a charitable
group that
supports collaborative research.
And we welcome all three of you
to the program.
Dr. Brawley, let me start with
you.
Is it realistic for the
president to say,
let's cure cancer once and for
all?
DR. OTIS BRAWLEY, American
Cancer Society:
Well, I think the cure analogy
is fine.
What's really going to happen is
some cancers,
if we intensify our efforts,
will be cured.
Many cancers are going to be
stalled out to
where they become very chronic
diseases, like
diabetes. But the end result is,
people are
going to be better for it.
JUDY WOODRUFF: Francis Collins,
Dr. Collins,
do you agree? I mean, we know
there are, what,
over 100 -- maybe hundreds of
types of cancer?
What are people to think about
this?
DR. FRANCIS COLLINS, Director,
National Institutes
of Health: Well, I hope they
will be inspired
and excited about this.
Yes, there are hundreds of types
of cancer,
but we are at an inflection
point in terms
of things we are learning about
what causes
this disease, where good cells
go bad, and
what could we do about it? And
by bring together
immunotherapy, the new way of
activating the
immune system to tackle cancel,
genomics,
and making sure that everybody
is sharing
the data they're developing in
those kinds
of studies, the vice president,
a man of great
passion and principle, is
determined that
this is not going to be a tweak
on the system.
This is going to be a major
acceleration of
the effort to discover how to
treat and cure,
in many instances, cancer. And
goodness knows,
we can all get excited about
that outcome.
JUDY WOODRUFF: And, Katie
Couric, as somebody
who has been on the advocacy
side of this
for years, having lost your
first husband
and your sister to cancer, how
do you see
the challenge?
KATIE COURIC, Stand Up to
Cancer: Well, I
think it's so exciting, Judy,
when I heard
this announcement at the State
of the Union.
And it's -- I think we are, as
Dr. Collins
said, at a really inflection
point, and things
are happening so much when it
comes to immunotherapy,
as he said, genomics, the basic
science.
And, you know, as somebody who
has lost people
near and dear to my heart, I --
when Vice
President Biden lost Beau, I
literally felt
his pain and frustration. And
that's the way
I felt when Jay and Emily died.
Why couldn't
there be better treatments?
I remember, Judy, the first-line
treatment
for metastatic colon cancer for
Jay in 1999
-- 1997, rather, had been around
since the
1950s. And it just made me
furious. And that
was really the impetus for Stand
Up to Cancer.
We said, you know, these
researchers, these
scientists, they have to
collaborate, instead
of compete. And we started it in
2008, and
now, eight years later, we have
-- we have
1,000 scientists. We have 130
researcher institutions
involved. They're working on 18
different
dream teams, where they're
collaborating on
things like pancreatic cancer,
lung cancer
with the American Cancer
Society, childhood
cancers.
JUDY WOODRUFF: Right.
KATIE COURIC: And it's -- so,
and, already,
two FDA-approved treatments have
stemmed from
that kind of research for
pancreatic cancer
and lung cancer. So, I think
collaboration
really is the key.
JUDY WOODRUFF: What about that,
Dr. Brawley?
What would constitute a
breakthrough here?
DR. OTIS BRAWLEY: Well, I agree
that we need
sustained funding and sustained
support for
the scientists, especially the
folks at the
National Cancer Institute, who
have been wonderful
at this.
I do believe that we are at an
inflection
point. We have learned a lot
about what goes
on in the cancer cell. A lot of
targets that
are druggable are being
developed. We actually
need some command-and-control of
the oncology
research network in order to
advance it further
and faster.
JUDY WOODRUFF: What do you mean
command-and-control?
DR. OTIS BRAWLEY: Well, we do
need people
to say, this is a project that
needs funding
and needs funding urgently. This
is a project
that's repetitive and need not
be funded.
We need people to say, you, as
an investigator,
need to start talking and
collaborating with
other investigators. We need to
bring industry
into this.
We need to bring far more than
just government
and academics. I would also say
the advocacy
community needs to be involved.
So, there
needs to be some collaboration
amongst numerous
individuals and numerous
organizations.
But I actually am very
optimistic that we
can do some very positive work
here.
JUDY WOODRUFF: But, Dr. Collins,
how much
of this is money? We know
something like 265
million more dollars went to the
National
Cancer Institute over the last
few years.
You were responsible for a lot
of that. Is
money the whole story here?
DR. FRANCIS COLLINS: It's not
the whole story,
but it sure is helpful.
Investigators who are pursuing
really creative
ideas in cancer research still
have only about
one chance in five that their
ideas are going
to get funded, because although
we have now
turned the corner -- and much
credit to the
Congress for making that happen
a month ago
-- we still have a long way to
go to catch
up on the resources that we have
lost.
And if we're really going to
jump-start this
kind of opportunity for moving
cancer research
forward at an accelerated pace,
resources
are going to be critical. We are
not lacking
for ideas. We're not lacking for
talent. There
are all kinds of things
happening in this
field.
Resources are really critical to
make it possible
to move forward at the rate that
I know we
could. Take immunotherapy. We
have seen how
the immune system, probably in
all of us,
is searching out and taking care
of small
numbers of cancer cells every
day, and we
never even know we had them.
But, sometimes, the cancer cells
are clever
enough to elude that. We have
seen dramatic
results in melanoma, President
Carter with
his metastatic melanoma. Now,
apparently,
those brain...
(CROSSTALK)
JUDY WOODRUFF: Stunning.
DR. FRANCIS COLLINS: ... melted
away.
But we need to move that into
other areas,
like pancreatic cancer, like
lung cancer,
breast cancer, prostate cancer,
where the
immune system is having an even
harder time
finding what is there.
But those cancers have abnormal
proteins.
They should be approachable. We
need to teach
the immune system, take it to
college, take
it to graduate school, figure
out how we can
activate what our own mechanisms
might be
able to do for us.
JUDY WOODRUFF: And, Katie
Couric, from where
you stand, that money, do you
look to Congress?
I mean, what are we talking
about here?
KATIE COURIC: Well, of course we
need a bigger
-- I think we need more
sustained and funding
for government and from Congress
and for the
NIH, for the NCI.
But I think, to Dr. Brawley's
point, we also
need the private sector
involved. We have
raised -- I think close to $360
million has
been pledged to Stand Up to
Cancer through
corporate and private and
individual donors.
So, we need to come together as
a country
and say, you know, this has got
to be where
the end of cancer begins. That's
our motto
at Stand Up to Cancer, and
really get everyone
involved.
And I think, under Vice
President Biden's
leadership, he will be able to
galvanize the
community that can be as
political at times,
Judy, as TV news, if you can
imagine that...
(LAUGHTER)
KATIE COURIC: ... with a lot of
overlapping
and competing interests.
So, we really do need to come
together as
a country, and I think we will
able to accomplish
incredible things, and
especially if we have
a more coordinated, sustained
effort.
JUDY WOODRUFF: So, just quickly
from all three
of you, Dr. Brawley first,
what's the message
that people out there right now
who either
have cancer or have a loved one
with cancer
-- how much hope should they
have right now?
DR. OTIS BRAWLEY: Well, I do
want to give
everyone who has cancer some
hope.
I do think that we need to be
much more organized.
I do think that
command-and-control, where
there's actually a strategic
plan, by someone
who's in government -- the vice
president
is ideal because he understands
politics.
There's great scientists already
to advise
him. But we need actually
someone to do organization
and leadership. So I want to
give everyone
some hope. I'm very excited
about this plan.
JUDY WOODRUFF: Dr. Collins?
DR. FRANCIS COLLINS: I'm
excited, too, and
I think we are getting the real
understanding
of cancer that we have needed
all along, and
that's translating into ideas
about prevention
and treatment.
So, anybody listening to this, I
think, should
feel a sense of hope, a sense of
inspiration,
a sense we're on the right
track, and we have
got the right people and the
right smarts,
and now maybe some more
resources. This is
a problem we can eventually
solve.
JUDY WOODRUFF: And just quickly,
Katie Couric,
write a check?
KATIE COURIC: Yes, write a
check.
You know, think -- if only one
in five promising
research proposals is funded,
that's four
great ideas that are left
literally, Judy,
on the cutting-room floor.
So, we need to support our
scientists. They're
the real heroes and heroines, I
think, of
our society. We need to give
them the money
they need to do the work that
will help us
all.
JUDY WOODRUFF: Katie Couric, Dr.
Francis Collins,
Dr. Otis Brawley, we thank you,
all three.
DR. FRANCIS COLLINS: Thank you.
DR. OTIS BRAWLEY: Thank you.
KATIE COURIC: Thanks, Judy.
JUDY WOODRUFF: Next, the Motion
Picture Academy
today named its top picks for
the best performances
and films of 2015.
Jeffrey Brown has our look at
who's in this
year's field, and getting just
as much attention,
who's not.
When it comes to Oscar
nominations this year,
it is a very cruel world,
indeed. "The Revenant,"
a revenge tale set in the
American wilderness
in the 1800s, gained the most
nominations,
12 in all, including for best
picture, best
director Alejandro Inarritu, who
won last
year for "Birdman," and in the
leading actor
category for Leonardo DiCaprio,
a megastar
who famously has never won an
Oscar.
The second most honored film
with 10 nominations
portrayed a different kind of
struggle for
survival. "Mad Max: Fury Road"
is set in a
not-so-distant future that we
can all only
hope to avoid. It's a sequel to
the popular
trilogy that began in 1979.
Director George
Miller, who also created and
directed the
earlier series, gained a
nomination for the
new film, this time using a
female lead.
CHARLIZE THERON, Actress: This
is the best
shot I will ever have.
Mike Sargent is a film critic
for Pacifica
Radio.
MIKE SARGENT, Film Critic,
Pacifica Radio:
And they're both definitely
about survival,
but they both are taking, in
many ways, simple
stories and just telling them
really well.
"Mad Max" is essentially one
long chase film,
but it's shot and staged and
mounted in a
way no one's ever seen.
ACTRESS: That's tracking right
towards us.
JEFFREY BROWN: Unlike many other
years, though,
the races in this and other key
categories
are considered up for grabs. Six
other films
join "The Revenant" and "Mad
Max" on the best
picture list, "The Big Short,"
"Bridge of
Spies, "Brooklyn," "The
Martian," "Room,"
and "Spotlight."
There were some familiar names
in the acting
categories. Among the men, in
addition to
DiCaprio, Matt Damon in "The
Martian," Bryan
Cranston in "Trumbo," and last
year's winner,
Eddie Redmayne, among women,
former winner
Cate Blanchett for "Carol," and
Jennifer Lawrence
for "Joy."
But a relative newcomer, Brie
Larson, seems
to be the odds-on favorite for
her performance
in "Room" as a woman held
captive for years
with her young son now adjusting
to the outside
world.
BRIE LARSON, Actress: I just
want him to connect
with something.
JEFFREY BROWN: Slate film critic
Dana Steven.
DANA STEVENS, Slate: Brie Larson
is absolutely
wonderful in "Room" and a
genuine breakthrough
kind of performance. And she is
not a name
that is widely known outside of
cinephilic
circles in the last few years.
And, suddenly,
she's burst into stardom and
greater visibility
with this role.
JEFFREY BROWN: Most notably
missing again
for the second straight year,
actors of color,
an issue that's put its own
spotlight on Hollywood
for its lack of diversity at
every level.
MIKE SARGENT: And though I think
Cheryl Boone
Isaacs, who is the head of the
Academy now,
has made great strides in the
last couple
years to include more people of
color, more
women, more people under a
certain age in
the academy, it still is
dominated primarily
by men, primarily by white men
over 60, 65,
and the choices of films and
actors often
reflect a sensibility, and maybe
let's just
say a sensibility that's time
perhaps has
come and gone.
JEFFREY BROWN: Among those left
off the best
actor list was Idris Elba for
"Beasts of no
Nation," and Benicio Del Toro
for "Sicario."
The film "Straight Outta
Compton" about the
rap group NWA had been wildly
praised, but
was shut out of major
nominations.
DANA STEVENS: I always sort of
think, well,
it's earlier up the pipeline
that things should
have been fixed. Right? The
problem is that
there aren't people of color and
women out
there making movies and getting
the directing
jobs and acting jobs. And if
they were there,
we would have more choices to
pick from.
However, there are exceptions to
that even
this year, for example, Ryan
Coogler, the
director of "Creed,"
African-American director,
and a great performance by
Michael B. Jordan
in that role. But neither of
them was recognized.
Instead, it's the white
supporting actor,
Sylvester Stallone, who got
recognized for
"Creed."
JEFFREY BROWN: "Star Wars," the
top grossing
film of 2015, won nominations in
several technical
categories.
Just how important are these
nominations for
these films?
MIKE SARGENT: All films benefit
from getting
nominated, especially the
Oscars. There's
something they call the Oscar
bump. And I
think we're going to see these
films make
at least 20 percent more than
they would have
if they didn't get nominated.
JEFFREY BROWN: The Academy
Awards ceremony
itself remains a very big deal,
one of the
most watched programs of the
year.
But after last year's 15 percent
drop in viewership,
from 43 million to 37 million,
producers are
aiming for a bit of a reboot.
Chris Rock will
host the Oscar broadcast on
February 28.
There was also sad news in the
film world
today with the passing of Alan
Rickman, a
classically trained British
actor who performed
with the Royal Shakespeare
Company and earned
two Tony Award nominations, and
who often
showcased that pedigree in film
roles, such
as Colonel Brandon in "Sense and
Sensibility."
ALAN RICKMAN, Actor: I have
described Mr.
Willoughby as the worst of
libertines, but
I have since learned from Lady
Allen that
he did mean to propose that day.
DANA STEVENS: It was hard for me
to pay attention
to those breaking Oscar
nominations this morning
after hearing the news that Alan
Rickman had
died, because, to me, that's
just such a blow
for the world of cinema. He was
such a great
performer with incredible range.
ALAN RICKMAN: Get them back.
JEFFREY BROWN: On screen,
Rickman became best
known for his roles as the
villain, playing
German psychopath Hans Gruber in
"Die Hard."
ALAN RICKMAN: Yippee ki yay.
JEFFREY BROWN: And he was the
dastardly sheriff
of Nottingham in "Robin Hood:
Prince of Thieves."
ALAN RICKMAN: And call off
Christmas.
JEFFREY BROWN: For which he won
a British
Academy and Film Award.
And, of course, for a new
generation, he was
master of the dark arts of
magic, Severus
Snape, in the "Harry Potter"
franchise.
ALAN RICKMAN: Should anyone,
student or staff,
attempt to aid Mr. Potter, they
will be punished.
JEFFREY BROWN: In another vain,
in the Christmas
favorite "Love Actually" Rickman
was a husband
to Emma Thompson, pathetically
flirting with
adultery.
ALAN RICKMAN: I'm so in love
with you, a classic
fool.
JEFFREY BROWN: During his
30-year career,
Rickman never won an Oscar, but
once said,
"Parts win prizes, not actors."
Alan Rickman's family announced
today that
he died from a battle with
cancer. He was
69 years old.
For the "PBS NewsHour," I'm
Jeffrey Brown.
JUDY WOODRUFF: It turns out that
women face
a much tougher time in the job
market then
men do as they age.
Our economics correspondent,
Paul Solman,
recently looked into the
challenge of getting
hired as a woman over 50. It's
part of our
weekly segment Making Sense,
which airs every
Thursday on the "NewsHour."
PAUL SOLMAN: On Comedy Central's
"Inside Amy
Schumer," the aging actress'
lament:
Tina Fey, Actress: You know how
Sally Field
was Tom Hanks' love interest in
"Punchline,"
and then, like, 20 minutes
later, she was
his mom in "Forrest Gump"?
PAUL SOLMAN: Tina Fey is 45,
Patricia Arquette
47.
PATRICIA ARQUETTE, Actress: I
didn't get this
commercial last week for AARP
because the
director said I was too old to
play Larry
King's wife.
PAUL SOLMAN: Schumer's gag,
these stars were
celebrating 55-year-old Julia
Louis-Dreyfus'
last day playing a love
interest, though Schumer
used a raunchier term.
AMY SCHUMER, Actress: But what
about men?
Like, who tells men when it's
their last (EXPLETIVE
DELETED) day?
(LAUGHTER)
JULIA LOUIS-DREYFUS, Actress:
Honey, men don't
have that day.
PATRICIA ARQUETTE: Never.
PAUL SOLMAN: Turns out it's not
just the case
in Hollywood. Jewish Vocational
Services in
San Francisco is a nonprofit
that helps older
people find jobs. We first
visited in 2009,
at the height of the great
recession, when
complaints of age discrimination
abounded.
PATRICIA WILSON, Legal
Assistant: I was told
during the interview, "As you
can see, we're
a very young group. And our main
concern is
that you are overly qualified
for this job,
and we would be concerned that
you wouldn't
stay."
PAUL SOLMAN: Did you believe
them?
PATRICIA WILSON: No. I just felt
that they
didn't think that I would fit in
with the
younger group.
PAUL SOLMAN: But did Patricia
Wilson have
it worse as a woman? We went
back to JVS last
week to focus on females,
assembling a cast
of so-called older women.
LAURA MILVY, Trouble Finding
Work: I am almost
55.
LISA TROGDON, Trouble Finding
Work: I am 58
years old.
WOMAN: Fifty-seven.
DENISE CARRILLO, Trouble Finding
Work: Sixty-four.
CYNTHIA JOSAYMA, Trouble Finding
Work: I count
myself as 8 plus 50.
(LAUGHTER)
PAUL SOLMAN: All of these women
have had trouble
finding work since 2008.
Cynthia Josayma used to work in
international
development.
CYNTHIA JOSAYMA: When the
recession went into
place, my age community all lost
their jobs.
And they have found that, in
general, the
middle-age American woman is
marginalized.
DANA MICHAELS, Trouble Finding
Work: High-tech
firms especially don't want you.
PAUL SOLMAN: Former sales rep
Dana Michaels
has been looking for a job for
two years.
DANA MICHAELS: They have a
culture of ping-pong
at the beer Fridays. I applied
for a place
that had nap Thursdays.
PAUL SOLMAN: Nap Thursdays?
DANA MICHAELS: Yes. And I could
just see myself
putting the blankets over them.
PAUL SOLMAN: Now, wait a second.
These young
people were taking naps?
DANA MICHAELS: On Thursdays. I
was at least
double their age. And I'm sure
they looked
at me like, oh, this old lady's
not going
to fit in.
PAUL SOLMAN: Though this was
high-tech San
Francisco, the problem extends
nationwide.
Denise Carrillo has been
unemployed since
losing her fashion industry job
in New York
in 2007.
Did you feel you were being
discriminated
against because you were a
somewhat older
woman?
DENISE CARRILLO: Yes. Yes, I
did. The experience
was there, my confidence was
there. The compliments
just rolled. But I was older.
And that's when
I decided, relocate.
PAUL SOLMAN: But when you came
here from New
York two-and-a-half years ago,
did you get
responses to the resumes that
you sent out?
DENISE CARRILLO: No. None. No
responses.
PAUL SOLMAN: The plight of older
women looking
for work was the buzz at last
week's annual
meeting of the American Economic
Association,
thanks in part to a Federal
Reserve study
making headlines: Women over 50
now account
for half of the long-term
unemployed.
But does that mean they're being
discriminated
against, more than, say, men
over 50?
DAVID NEUMARK, Economist,
University of California,
Irvine: This is, of course, one
of the reasons
economists step in, you know,
because we're
always a little -- a little
skeptical of those
interpretations.
PAUL SOLMAN: Economist David
Neumark.
DAVID NEUMARK: Because we have
all not gotten
jobs we have applied for, and it
doesn't mean
we were discriminated against
because of whatever
feature we have, age, race, sex,
whatever
it might be.
PAUL SOLMAN: But economists can
test these
interpretations with field
experiments, the
most famous of which may be the
audit study
summarized in this video, where
thousands
of made-up resumes were mailed
to employers,
identical, except for the names,
half black-sounding,
half-white.
The results? Black-sounding
names were 50
percent less likely to get
follow-up calls.
David Neumark used the audit
study approach
to study ageism and sexism. He
sent out resumes
in 12 cities, using women's
names for thousands
of administrative assistant and
retail sales
jobs, men's names for custodian
and security
guard.
He also varied the age: A third
of the fictional
job hunters were around 30, a
third around
50, a final third in their
mid-60s. The results
were dramatically different by
age, but just
among the women.
DAVID NEUMARK: The youngest
group, 30-year-old
or so, get about 15 percent
callback rates,
even higher in sales, the
middle-age group
lower, and the oldest group by
far the lowest.
There's a hint that older male
workers have
lower callback rates than
younger male workers,
but there's much stronger
evidence, in terms
of magnitudes and how robust the
finding is,
of age discrimination against
older women.
JOANNA LAHEY, Economist: Those
dark red dots
are fixations. That's where the
eye is pausing.
PAUL SOLMAN: Economist Joanna
Lahey did a
similar study, sending out 8,000
made-up resumes
and an eye-scanning lab
experiment studying
how long H.R. managers looked at
resumes.
The red dots tell you where and
for how long.
JOANNA LAHEY: And we see the
years on the
employment history, and we see
the education
and the year that they got their
education.
PAUL SOLMAN: The managers looked
longer at
younger resumes, looked longer
at the items
indicating age.
JOANNA LAHEY: This one, for
example, says,
"I'm willing to embrace change,"
which is
something that the AARP used to
recommend
that you put on your resume and
then it stopped
recommending.
PAUL SOLMAN: Because it didn't
work?
JOANNA LAHEY: Well, my first
study found that
it actually hurt older people.
PAUL SOLMAN: Because it
identified them as
card-carrying members of AARP,
Lahey suspects,
and therefore at least 50.
So, you had people starting in
their mid-30s
all the way to the mid-70s.
JOANNA LAHEY: Yes.
PAUL SOLMAN: And when does age
discrimination
start?
JOANNA LAHEY: Immediately. It
starts at age
35.
PAUL SOLMAN: Really?
JOANNA LAHEY: Yes. It's a pretty
steady process.
As you get older, your amount of
callbacks
decrease.
PAUL SOLMAN: And it's women more
than men?
JOANNA LAHEY: It's definitely
women more than
men.
PAUL SOLMAN: So the evidence is
clear, but
what's the explanation?
DAVID NEUMARK: The evolutionary
biologists
bring everything back to you
know, reproduction,
right? Older men can reproduce.
Older women
can't.
TINA FEY: And then we put her in
the boat
and we push her out into the
water and we
drink champagne to salute how
(EXPLETIVE DELETED)
she was for so many years.
Cheers. Cheers.
PAUL SOLMAN: So, it could be
that it's really
something inherent that's passed
on from our
evolutionary heritage that just
says, older
women, not so much, older men,
doesn't make
a difference?
DAVID NEUMARK: It could be. I
mean, I think
the notion that age signals
something, and
it's -- for some people at
least, it's a negative,
is not -- is not crazy.
PAUL SOLMAN: No, not crazy, as
even our older
women acknowledged.
LISA TROGDON: I'm trying to
think back to
PAUL SOLMAN: Lisa Trogdon is 58.
LISA TROGDON: ... what I thought
was, when
I was younger. And 50, when I
was 20, 25,
seemed old. And as a young
person, I didn't
have the perspective, like I do
now to realize,
oh, they have valuable
experience.
LAURA MILVY: Maybe it's all a
fear, a fear
of older, more experienced
people.
PAUL SOLMAN: But what's crazy is
that age
signals something so much more
negative for
women than men.
And says economist Teresa
Ghilarducci:
TERESA GHILARDUCCI, Economist:
It's going
to be a bigger problem, this age
discrimination
problem, for women as more and
more women
are having to work longer,
because of divorce,
or because they have eroded
pensions, or lower
pensions, because even if they
worked their
whole life, they were paid less,
and so they
accumulated less pensions.
PAUL SOLMAN: And as Laura Milvy
asked at the
vocational center:
LAURA MILVY: If we're all going
to live to
100 years, and you're trying to
make women
in their 50s stop working, what
are we going
to do for the next 50 years?.
PAUL SOLMAN: Good question.
This is "PBS NewsHour" economics
correspondent
Paul Solman, reporting from San
Francisco.
JUDY WOODRUFF: And now another
in our Brief
But Spectacular series, where we
ask interesting
people about their passions.
For six decades, Ken Van Sickle
has been quietly
producing photographs in his
darkroom, located
in the center of Manhattan. His
photos range
from documenting the bohemian
life of New
York and Paris in the 1950s and
'60s to pushing
the limits of the medium itself.
KEN VAN SICKLE, Photographer: If
you walk
out of the front of the Flatiron
Building
and you walk straight across the
street, you
walk right through my door. Then
you have
to go 91 steps up the stairs,
which is really
good for me, because it keeps me
healthy.
I'm 83 years old now. I moved
into this building
in 1963. And it's
rent-controlled. And it's
a landmark building, and I'm a
senior citizen.
So, I don't pay much rent.
That's the only
reason I can live here at all.
I don't have a favorite place to
take photographs
or even a favorite subject. I
carry a camera.
If I go out into the hallway, I
carry a camera
with me.
When I was in Paris, I was 23, I
think, and
I wanted to shoot everything I
saw, but I
didn't have enough money to buy,
like, more
than like a roll of film every
two weeks.
And somebody said that Chet
Baker was playing
over at the American club. And I
went over
and I took two pictures, and one
of them is
out of focus, and the other one
is a great
photo.
I'm not a concerned
photographer. I'm not
trying to prove anything in any
way politically
or otherwise. I'm interested in
beauty and
sort of the subtle moments of
everyday life.
This picture was called "The
Regular." The
chairs in the foreground are
overlapping,
overlapping planes in parallel
recession.
This picture, I just call it
"Washington Square."
Laboratories tend to print it
light, but it
should be dark like this.
Grand Central Station, I don't
know why there
was only one person walking in
there. I had
just gotten off the train. I
call this "Firemen."
The arch had caved in on five
firemen. The
Metropolitan Museum chose this
to be in the
permanent collection.
There are a lot of things that
make a good
photograph. You have to think
about texture
and gesture and composition, and
all the things
that painting has in it.
Technology doesn't
change the way photography is.
It just -- it
makes it available to more
people, which means
there's going to be much, much
more really
terrible pictures taken or
pictures that are
totally dependent on subject,
which is all,
all right.
If you were there when the
Hindenburg caught
on fire, and you took a picture
of it, that's
a great photograph. But you're
not a great
photographer, because you can't
repeat that
in everyday things.
What a great photographer does
is, they are
consistently able to make
something in a style
that's personal to themselves.
My pictures
don't depend on extreme
sharpness. They depend
on the composition and on the
subject and
on the way I see it.
My name is Ken Van Sickle. This
is my Brief
But Spectacular take on sharing
what I see.
JUDY WOODRUFF: And you can see
more of our
Brief But Spectacular series on
our Facebook
page. Check it out.
Also online: Nearly two million
names populate
various U.S. government
terrorism watch lists.
Who are the people on these
lists? And are
they all potential terrorists?
The "NewsHour"'s P.J. Tobia,
host of our Shortwave
podcast, continues his series on
tracking
terrorists. All that and more is
on our Web
site, PBS.org/NewsHour.
And that's the "NewsHour" for
tonight.
On Friday: creating a more
diverse work force
in Silicon Valley.
I'm Judy Woodruff.
Join us online and again here
tomorrow evening.
For all of us at the "PBS
NewsHour," thank
you, and good night.